---
layout: post
title:      "My Road to Software Development"
date:       2018-06-05 21:51:03 +0000
permalink:  my_road_to_software_development
---


An unusual road led me to choose software development as a vocation. This journey dates all the way back to 2002, when, having moved from Belarus to the United States right before starting high school, I was uncertain about my future. I knew I had something special to offer. Yet, at fourteen years old, I knew not how I would apply that je-ne-sais-quoi specifically as a game-changer. During my high school years, I excelled both in quantitative coursework – AP Calculus and AP Statistics – as well as the liberal arts, such as AP English and French, despite not knowing either language when I first moved to the U.S. The rigorous curriculum, combined with a robust set of extracurricular activities, armed me with the credentials to get into several reputable universities, including, among others, NYU’s Stern School of Business, Bryn Mawr College, George Washington University, and, Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business. Interestingly, as an undergrad, I chose to transfer to Georgetown College to pursue a more diverse, liberal-arts-heavy curriculum. By then, I had discovered that my analytical and communication abilities were among my greatest strengths. 

As a woman, I have transitioned my “soft skills” and Liberal Arts undergraduate experience at Georgetown into a career in IT. By starting out as a Technical Writer, I used my Bachelor’s in English to acquaint myself with technical terminology, thus shifting my mind into beginning to understand the more “practical” STEM field. As a woman, I found it imperative to strive to become a leader in the industry, since the percentage of men in IT currently heavily outweighs that of women. Now, given the opportunity to participate in Flatiron School coding bootcamp, I am thrilled to fulfill my desire to contribute to America’s technological advancement in the highest manner possible. Sixteen years ago, when I first immigrated to the USA, I knew not how to change the world for the better. Now, I have a path in front of me – all I have to do is firmly grasp this opportunity and never look back. 

Through my endeavor in the Full Stack Web Development and the fundamentals of Computer Science courses, I hope to expand upon the feeling of wanting to bring something special to this magnificent country. A feeling I had when I first moved to the United State all those years ago. While I was uncertain about my future at fourteen years of age, I have since discovered my vocation in the years that followed, which resides within the IT sphere. Upon completing Flatiron School coursework, I aim to create a global impact in the technology space as a software developer. I hope to be a leader to women and minorities, representing a specialized technical skillset that has been predominantly reserved for men exclusively in the past. Being a gay woman immigrant makes me stand out from the crowd. It has not always been easy, but time and time again, I have derived only strength out of being different.

